-> PROJECT CONTENT
1: CNN's at work- Siamese Network for Metric Learning
    1. Metric Learning 
    2. CNN recap
    3. The usefulness of features obtained in the 2nd last layer of a trained network
    4. Properties of RBF kernel
    5. Metric learning and properties of a metric
    6. Need for metric learning
    7. Siamese Network as metric learning
    8. Siamese network architecture
    9. Computation of final metric value when inputs are given
    10. Two ways of obtaining the metric
    11. Examples of distance and similarity measures
    12. Hands-on demo - Siamese Network
    13. Hands On - One Shot Learning
    


PART I consists of task to train and compare image classifier models using supervised learning classifier, neural network classifier and 
        a CNN classifier.
-> DATA DESCRIPTION : The dataset comprises of images and its mask where there is a human face.
-> PROJECT OBJECTIVE : Face detection from training images.

PART II consists of curating images and its respective annotations from scratch.
-> TASK DESCRIPTION : Help to create an image dataset to be used by the AI team to build an image classifier data. 
                     Profile images of people are given

PART III consists of task to train and compare image classifier models using supervised learning classifier, neural network classifier and 
a CNN classifier. 
-> DATA DESCRIPTION : The dataset comprises of images and its mask where there is a human face.
-> PROJECT OBJECTIVE : Face Aligned Face Dataset from Pinterest. This dataset contains 10,770 images for 100 people. 
                       All images are taken from 'Pinterest' and aligned using dlib library. Some data samples:

PART IV consists of designing an object detection automation by imputing bounding boxes over a video as an input.

-> TASK DESCRIPTION : Create an automation using computer vision to impute dynamic bounding boxes to locate cars or vehicles on the road.
                      It would require for to do some research on how to impute bounding boxes on video file.
                      Use video provided with this assignment or any video of any choice which has moving cars to impute bounding boxes.
